Good afternoon! 

We have had many questions on how students can get more information and get involved with clubs and organizations this year. Since we are unable to have an in-person Activities Fair, the website will be key in pushing out information and generating new club members. It is imperative to register with VNN as the sponsor (coach) of your club or organization. This will allow you to maximize the full potential of the activities website. If you need me to send another invitation, please let me know. 

I am able to create one comprehensive post on the website that can act as this year's Virtual Activities Fair. It will be a gallery of all of the clubs/organizations in one featured post. 

If your club would like to be spotlighted in this post, please email me the information you would like included. At the very least, I will need:
Club/Organization Name
Staff sponsor name and email
Club/Organization description
Meeting dates/times
Other ideas that could be included to promote your club/organization on this post:
Help student members create a commercial or video. The link can be added to this post and then also added to your club page.
Create a photo gallery of past club events or fundraisers
Create a Powerpoint or slideshow
A link to a Google form for new members to sign up
Please email me the above information by Friday, Sept. 4.

As a reminder, a list of all clubs/organizations can be seen by clicking on this link: https://ladueactivities.com/ and selecting the "Activities" tab. Unfortunately, they are not in alphabetical order. The web developers are working on this issue.

Please note, until education returns to the high school building, all meetings must be done virtually. Virtual meetings must be monitored by staff sponsors and occur after 2:30 p.m. Please add Zoom links to your club/organization specific page. Please also add virtual meeting information to the morning announcements.

I have attached tutorials on how to post information, send alerts and create photo galleries on your club/organization's specific page on the website. 

If you need assistance posting information or navigating the website, let me know. I am happy to help!

Thank you,
Jenifer Strohbeck